.TH razorqt-appswitcher "1" "September 2012" "Razor\-qt\ 0.5.0" "Razor\-qt\ Module"
.SH NAME
razorqt-appswitcher \- Application switcher on \fBRazor-qt\fR: the faster and lighter QT Desktop Environment
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B razorqt-appswitcher
[\fICurrently No command line arguments\fR]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This module handle applications switcher when alt+tab (or whatever 
defined by window manager or shortcut daemon) its stroke by keyboard.
.P
The \fBRazor-qt modules\fR are desktop independent tools, 
and operate as daemons for the local user in desktop specific operations. 
.P
\fBRazor-qt\fR is an advanced, easy-to-use, and fast desktop environment based on Qt
technologies, ships several core desktop components, all of which are optional:
.P
 * Panel
 * Desktop
 * Application launcher \fI(related to this)\fR
 * Settings center
 * Session handler
 * Polkit handler
 * Display manager handler
 * SSH password access
 * Library API and mime handler
.P
These components perform similar actions to those available in other desktop
environments, and their names are self-descriptive.  They are usually not launched
by hand but automatically, when choosing a \fBRazor\-qt\fR session in the Display
Manager.
.SH AUTOSTART
The module only are showed on \fBRazor-qt\fR desktop, but  u  can  create  an
autostart action for u prefered desktop environment.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/Razor-qt/Razor-qt/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBRazor-qt\fR it has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and
an QT like intuitive interface.  Unlike most complex Qt based desktop environments, Razor-qt 
works fine with any requirements in memory or hardware power, providing a modern desktop to 
any king of hardware or OS where are installed. See also :
.\" any module must refers to session app, for more info on start it
.P
\fBrazor-session.1\fR  Razor-qt for manage Razor-qt complete environment
.P
\fBstart-razor.1\fR  Razor-qt display management independient starup.
.P
\fBrazor-config-session.1\fR  Razor-qt application for performing session autostart applications
.P
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was created by \fBPICCORO Lenz McKAY\fR \fI<mckaygerhard@gmail.com>\fR 
for \fBRazor-qt\fR project and VENENUX GNU/Linux but can be used by others.
