.TH razor-policykit-agent "1" "September 2012" "Razor\-Qt\ 0.5.0" "Razor\-Qt\ Module"
.SH NAME
razor-policykit-agent \- Module of Razor-qt: the QT Desktop Environment, faster and lighter
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B razor-policykit-agent
[\fIignored command line arguments\fR]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This module handle applications switcher when alt+tab (or whatever 
defined by window manager or shorcut daemon) its stroke by keyboard.
.P
Razor-Qt is an advanced, easy-to-use, and fast desktop environment based on Qt
technologies.
.P
The \fBRazor-Qt modules\fR are desktop independent tools, that dont need any option parsing, 
works as local user-only daemons for desktop specific operations. Currently it only show 
into \fBrazorqt-config-sesion\fR application as autostart program, but you can also 
added manualy to your favorite desktop in session settings related programs.
.P
As new project, Razor-Qt already contains the key DE components
and can be used separately, not all of them need to be used at once:
.P
 * Panel
 * Desktop
 * Application launcher \fI(this)\fR
 * Settings center
 * Sessions
 * Polkit handler
 * Display manager handler
.P
These components perform similar actions to those available in other desktop
environments, and their name is self-descriptive.  They are usually not launched
by hand but automatically, when choosing a Razor\-Qt session in the Display
Manager.
.P
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/Razor-qt/razor-qt/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Razor-Qt it has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and
an intuitive interface.  Unlike most desktop environments, Razor-qt also works
fine with less powerful machines. See :
.\" any module must refers to session app, for more info on start it
.P
\fBrazor-session.1\fR  Razor-QT for manage Razor-Qt complete environment
.P
\fBstart-razor.1\fR  Razor-Qt display management independient starup.
.P
\fBrazor-config-session.1\fR  Razor-Qt application for performing session autostart applications
.P
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was created by \fBPICCORO Lenz McKAY\fR \fI<mckaygerhard@gmail.com>\fR
for Razor-Qt project and VENENUX GNU/Linux but can be used by others.
