.TH razorqt-config-appearance "1" "September 2012" "Razor\-Qt\ 0.5.0" "Razor\-Qt\ Application"
.SH NAME
razorqt-config-appearance \- Gui appearance application of Razor-qt: the QT Desktop Environment, faster and lighter
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B razorqt-config-appearance
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
With this application u can setting and configuring qt/razor gui appearance of programs.
.P
Razor-Qt is an advanced, easy-to-use, and fast desktop environment based on Qt
technologies.
.P
The GUI applications in linux depends of their respective subsystem, in razor the overal aspect of 
many apps relies on QT4 framework gui. The \fBrazorqt-config\fR application its the configuration center
to provide all aspects of setting Razor-QT desktop in session settings related programs.
.P
All remaining mayor aspect relies for razorqt over qt4 config application (\fBqtconfig\-qt4\fR), due 
the Razor-QT DE are based on Qt framework.
.P
As new project, Razor-Qt already contains the key DE components
and can be used separately, not all of them need to be used at once:
.P
 * Panel
 * Desktop
 * Application launcher
 * Settings center \fI(related to this)\fR
 * Sessions
 * Polkit handler
 * Display manager handler
 * Power manager
.P
These components perform similar actions to those available in other desktop
environments, and their name is self-descriptive.  They are usually not launched
by hand but automatically, when choosing a Razor\-Qt session in the Display
Manager.
.P
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/Razor-qt/razor-qt/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Razor-Qt it has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and
an intuitive interface.  Unlike most desktop environments, Razor-qt also works
fine with less powerful machines. See :
.\" any module must refers to session app, for more info on start it
.P
\fBrazor-session.1\fR  Razor-QT module for manage Razor-Qt complete environment.
.P
\fBrazor-config.1\fR  Razor-Qt application for general config and settings.
.P
\fBqtconfig-qt4.1\fR  Qt4 application for gui and appereance settings over all qt4 based software.
.P
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was created by \fBPICCORO Lenz McKAY\fR \fI<mckaygerhard@gmail.com>\fR
for Razor-Qt project and VENENUX GNU/Linux but can be used by others.
