.TH razor-power "1" "September 2012" "Razor\-Qt\ 0.5.0" "Razor\-Qt\ Module"
.SH NAME
razor-power \- Module of Razor-qt: the QT Desktop Environment, faster and lighter
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B razor-power
[\fIignored command line arguments\fR]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This module handle power action over battery and hardware, especially for laptop users, 
it communicates with dbus for handle operation over LID and CPU control, operations 
are defined throught 
.br
the \fBrazor-config-autosuspend\fR application, and performed by
the \fBrazor-power\fR application.
.P
Razor-Qt is an advanced, easy-to-use, and fast desktop environment based on Qt
technologies.
.P
The \fBRazor-Qt modules\fR are desktop independent tools, that dont need any option parsing, 
works as local user-only daemons for desktop specific operations. Currently it only show 
into \fBrazor-config-sesion\fR application as autostart program, but you can also 
added manualy to your favorite desktop in session settings related programs.
.P
As new project, Razor-Qt already contains the key DE components
and can be used separately, not all of them need to be used at once:
.P
 * Panel
 * Desktop
 * Application launcher
 * Settings center
 * Sessions
 * Polkit handler
 * Display manager handler
 * Power manager and energy saver \fI(this)\fR
.P
These components perform similar actions to those available in other desktop
environments, and their name is self-descriptive.  They are usually not launched
by hand but automatically, when choosing a Razor\-Qt session in the Display
Manager.
.P
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/Razor-qt/razor-qt/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Razor-Qt it has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and
an intuitive interface.  Unlike most desktop environments, Razor-qt also works
fine with less powerful machines. See :
.\" any module must refers to session app, for more info on start it
.P
\fBrazor-session.1\fR  Razor-QT for manage Razor-Qt complete environment
.P
\fBstart-razor.1\fR  Razor-Qt display management independient starup.
.P
\fBrazor-config-autosuspend.1\fR  Razor-Qt application for config power/enegy save actions
.P
\fBrazor-power.1\fR  Razor-QT application for performing power management actions
.P
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was created by \fBPICCORO Lenz McKAY\fR \fI<mckaygerhard@gmail.com>\fR 
for Razor-Qt project and VENENUX GNU/Linux but can be used by others.
