.TH razorqt-config-desktop "1" "September 2012" "Razor\-Qt\ 0.5.0" "Razor\-Qt\ Application"
.SH NAME
razorqt-config-desktop \- Application desktop settings of Razor-qt: the QT Desktop Environment, faster and lighter
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B razorqt-config-desktop
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This module manage the desktop configuration for Razor-Qt desktop environment.
In Razor-Qt there its a component called \fBrazor-desktop\fR for this.
Razor-Qt is an advanced, easy-to-use, and fast desktop environment based on Qt
technologies.
.P
The \fBrazor-desktop\fR works as local user-only daemon like, for desktop specific operations. 
Currently it only show into \fBrazorqt-config\fR application as autostart program, but you can also 
added manualy to your favorite desktop in session settings related programs.
.P
As new project, Razor-Qt already contains the key DE components
and can be used separately, not all of them need to be used at once:
.P
 * Panel
 * Desktop \fI(related to this)\fR
 * Application launcher
 * Settings center
 * Sessions
 * Polkit handler
 * Display manager handler
.P
These components perform similar actions to those available in other desktop
environments, and their name is self-descriptive.  They are usually not launched
by hand but automatically, when choosing a Razor\-Qt session in the Display
Manager.
.P
The \fBRazor-Qt Desktop\fR  component are desktop independent, and works in two type of modes:
.SH Modes of desktop
When settings opens, there its two main options:
.br
.P
 \fBNative\fR
In thi mode all desktop manage relies on native window manager, all icons, wallpaper and behavior 
relies on how windowmanager set and performing desktop actions. In this mode razor desktop can comunicate 
with some window managers and tells that display a specific wallpaper or display contents of desktop 
directory as desktop icons.
.P
 \fBRazor\fR
In this mode, all desktop are manage by \fBrazor-desktop\fR component application, this have a set 
of plugins for:
.P
 * manage icons (u can specify a directory),
 * rich text (can set your name to show in desktop),
 * quick notepad info (for stiky notes)
 * set a wallpaper
.P
then, so in this mode, each component/plugin configuration are manage by separate own 
plugin config dialog and u can set throught a right click desktop over the plugin 
region and select "configure plugin".
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/Razor-qt/razor-qt/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Razor-Qt it has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and
an intuitive interface.  Unlike most desktop environments, Razor-qt also works
fine with less powerful machines. See :
.\" any module must refers to session app, for more info on start it
.P
\fBrazor-session.1\fR  Razor-QT module for manage Razor-Qt complete environment
.P
\fBrazor-desktop.1\fR  Razor-Qt Desktop Module for mnage desktop behavior.
.P
\fBrazor-config.1\fR  Razor-Qt application for config and settings over environment.
.P
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was created by \fBPICCORO Lenz McKAY\fR \fI<mckaygerhard@gmail.com>\fR
for Razor-Qt project and VENENUX GNU/Linux but can be used by others.
