.TH start-razor "1" "September 2012" "Razor\-Qt\ 0.5.0" "Razor\-Qt\ StartUp"
.SH NAME
start-razor \- Start Up for manual start of Razor-qt: the QT Desktop Environment, faster and lighter
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B start-razor
[\fIignored command line arguments\fR]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This its a startup script for session up the Razor-Qt destop environment.
Its commonly ussefull for those display login managers that dont have session handlers integration, 
such as slim or xdm ...
.P
Important, that also \fBthis script can be runs from command line event use startx\fR. This script 
calls to the session handler of Razor-Qt.
.P
.SH SESSION HANDLER
Razor-Qt is an advanced, easy-to-use, and fast desktop environment based on Qt
technologies.
.P
The session handler for Razor-Qt are the \fBrazor-session\fR module, that manage startup.
Performing configurations for session are into the \fBrazorqt-config-sesion\fR application 
as autostart programs, but you can also added manualy to your favorite desktop in session 
settings related programs.
.P
As new project, Razor-Qt already contains the key DE components
and can be used separately, not all of them need to be used at once:
.P
 * Panel
 * Desktop
 * Application launcher
 * Settings center
 * Sessions \fI(related to this)\fR
 * Polkit handler
 * Display manager handler
.P
These components perform similar actions to those available in other desktop
environments, and their name is self-descriptive.  They are usually not launched
by hand but automatically, when choosing a Razor\-Qt session in the Display
Manager.
.P
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/Razor-qt/razor-qt/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Razor-Qt it has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and
an intuitive interface.  Unlike most desktop environments, Razor-qt also works
fine with less powerful machines. See :
.\" any module must refers to session app, for more info on start it
.P
\fBrazor-session.1\fR  Razor-QT for manage Razor-Qt complete environment
.P
\fBrazor-config-session.1\fR  Razor-Qt application for performing session autostart applications
.P
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was created by \fBPICCORO Lenz McKAY\fR \fI<mckaygerhard@gmail.com>\fR
for Razor-Qt project and VENENUX GNU/Linux but can be used by others.
