.TH razor-session "1" "September 2012" "Razor\-Qt\ 0.5.0" "Razor\-Qt\ Module"
.SH NAME
razorqt-session \- Module of Razor-qt: the faster and lighter QT Desktop Environment
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B razor-session
[\fINo command line arguments\fR]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This module handle session autostart application over \fBRazor-qt\fR desktop environment startup.
.P
The \fBRazor-qt modules\fR are desktop independent tools, that do not accept option parsing, 
and operate as daemons for the local user for desktop specific operations. 
.P
As new project,\fB Razor-qt\fR already contains the key DE components
and can be used separately, not all of them need to be used at once:
.P
 * Panel
 * Desktop
 * Application launcher
 * Settings center
 * Session handler \fI(this)\fR
 * Polkit handler
 * Display manager handler
.P
These components perform similar actions to those available in other desktop
environments, and their name is self-descriptive.  They are usually not launched
by hand but automatically, when choosing a Razor\-Qt session in the Display
Manager.
.P
.SH BEHAVIOR
.P
Each of any desktop environment has any way to configure applications need or want to start at logon.
.P
They can be (en|dis)abled in \fBrazorqt-config-sesion > Autostart > Application Autostart\fR, 
." razor@kenfallon.com - Not sure what you mean here
." but you can also added manualy to your favorite desktop in session settings related programs.
." Configurations for session are made using the \fBrazorqt-config-sesion\fR application.
."For example autostart programs, but you can also manualy add other programs.
." mckaygerhard@gmail.com - OK ill fixed now jejje, this manpage i made in hurry only for proposal.
Through this application you can manage which programs will be loaded at the start of a 
session of \fBrazorqt\fR desktop environment.
.P
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/Razor-qt/Razor-qt/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBRazor-qt\fR it has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and
an intuitive interface and is also intended for less powerful machines. See:
.\" any module must refers to session app, for more info on start it
.P
\fBrazor-config.1\fR  Razor-qt application for manage configurations and settings
.P
\fBrazor-config-session.1\fR  Razor-qt module for manage Razor-qt autostart session applications
.P
\fBstart-razor.1\fR  Razor-qt display management independient starup.
.P
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was created by \fBPICCORO Lenz McKAY\fR \fI<mckaygerhard@gmail.com>\fR
for \fBRazor-qt\fR project and VENENUX GNU/Linux but can be used by others.
