.TH razorqt-config-session "1" "September 2012" "Razor\-qt\ 0.5.0" "Razor\-qt\ Application"
.SH NAME
razorqt-config-session \- Session settings of Razor-qt: the faster and lighter QT Desktop Environment
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B razorqt-config-session
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This application handle settings and configurations around autostart applications  on \fBRazor\-qt\fR desktop environment.
.P
\fBRazor\-qt\fR is an advanced, easy-to-use, and fast desktop environment based on Qt
technologies. As new project, Razor-qt already contains the key DE components
and can be used separately, not all of them need to be used at once:
.P
 * Panel
 * Desktop
 * Application launcher
 * Settings center
 * Session handler \fI(related to this)\fR
 * Polkit handler
 * Display manager handler
.P
These components perform similar actions to those available in other desktop
environments, and their name is self-descriptive.  They are usually not launched
by hand but automatically, when choosing a \fBRazor\-qt\fR session in the Display
Manager.
.P
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/Razor-qt/Razor-qt/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Razor-qt it has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and
an intuitive interface.  Razor-qt is also intended for less powerful machines. See:

.\" any module must refers to session app, for more info on start it
.P
\fBrazor-config.1\fR  Razor-qt application for manage configurations and settings
.P
\fBrazor-session.1\fR  Razor-qt module for manage Razor-qt autostart session applications
.P
\fBstart-razor.1\fR  Razor-qt display management independient starup.
.P
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was created by \fBPICCORO Lenz McKAY\fR \fI<mckaygerhard@gmail.com>\fR
for \fBRazor-qt\fR project and VENENUX GNU/Linux but can be used by others.
