.TH razorqt-runner "1" "September 2012" "Razor\-qt\ 0.5.0" "Razor\-Qt\ Module"
.SH NAME
razorqt-runner \- Application runner module of \fBRazor-qt\fR: the faster and lighter QT Desktop Environment
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B razorqt-runner
[\fICurrently No command line arguments\fR]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This module will allow you to launch an application by typing Alt+F2 its pressed on the keyboard.
.P
The \fBRazor-qt modules\fR are desktop independent tools, 
and operate as daemons for the local user for desktop specific operations. 
.P
\fBRazor-qt\fR is an advanced, easy-to-use, and fast desktop environment based on Qt
technologies, ships several core desktop components, all of which are optional:
.P
 * Panel
 * Desktop
 * Application launcher \fI(this)\fR
 * Settings center
 * Session handler
 * Polkit handler
 * Display manager handler
.P
These components perform similar actions to those available in other desktop
environments, and their names are self-descriptive.  They are usually not launched
by hand but automatically, when choosing a \fBRazor\-qt\fR session in the Display
Manager.
.SH BEHAVIOR
As you type, suggestions will appear. Once you see the application you wish to run you can navigate
to it using the mouse or arrow keys on your keyboard. Pressing enter or clicking it will launch 
the application. The activation key can be changed using the window manager or shortcut daemon 
such as \fBrazor-globalkeyshortcuts\fR.
.SH AUTOSTART
This module only shows at \fBRazor-qt\fR desktop environment, but you can use in others desktops, by 
setting an configuring into session startup.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/Razor-qt/Razor-qt/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBRazor-qt\fR it has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and
an intuitive interface, also intended for less powerful machines. See also:
.\" any module must refers to session app, for more info on start it
.P
\fBrazor-session.1\fR  Razor-qt for manage Razor-qt complete environment
.P
\fBrazor-config-session.1\fR  Razor-qt application for config modules on desktop
.P
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was created by \fBPICCORO Lenz McKAY\fR \fI<mckaygerhard@gmail.com>\fR
for \fBRazor-qt\fR project and VENENUX GNU/Linux but can be used by others.
