.TH razor-openssh-askpass "1" "September 2012" "Razor\-qt\ 0.5.0" "Razor\-qt\ Module"
.SH NAME
razor-openssh-askpass \- Password access over ssh module of \fBRazor-qt\fR: the faster and lighter QT Desktop Environment
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B razor-openssh-askpass
[\fICurrently No command line arguments\fR]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This module handles openssh security password access for \fBRazor-qt\fR. The openssh askpass module, will perform 
security tast over scale accesss privilegies.
.P
.P
The \fBRazor-qt modules\fR are desktop independent tools, 
and operate as daemons for the local user for desktop specific operations. 
.P
\fBRazor-qt\fR is an advanced, easy-to-use, and fast desktop environment based on Qt
technologies, ships several core desktop components, all of which are optional:
.P
 * Panel
 * Desktop
 * Application launcher
 * Settings center
 * Session handler
 * Polkit handler
 * SSH password access \fI(this)\fR
 * Display manager handler
.P
These components perform similar actions to those available in other desktop
environments, and their names are self-descriptive.  They are usually not launched
by hand but automatically, when choosing a \fBRazor\-qt\fR session in the Display
Manager.
.SH BEHAVIOR
The module detected on shares privilege accesss, and maintain a security dialog 
that ask for the user's key need for access over another machine host.
.P
This module are very early stage, and not enabled by default, so you must added a env 
by the \fBrazor\-settings\fR application as \fISSH_ASKPASS=\fR 
with \fBrazor\-openssh\-askpass\fR value, openssl and openssh-client packages must be required.
.SH AUTOSTART
The module only are showed on \fBRazor-qt\fR desktop, but u can create an autostart action 
for you prefered desktop environment.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/Razor-qt/Razor-qt/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBRazor-qt\fR it has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and
an intuitive interface, also intended for less powerful machines. See also:
.\" any module must refers to session app, for more info on start it
.P
\fBrazor-session.1\fR  Razor-qt for manage Razor-qt complete environment
.P
\fBrazor-policykit-agent.1\fR  Razor-qt plolicykit agent module for privilegie scalation.
.P
\fBrazor-config-session.1\fR  Razor-qt application for performing session autostart applications
.P
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was created by \fBPICCORO Lenz McKAY\fR \fI<mckaygerhard@gmail.com>\fR
for  project and VENENUX GNU/Linux but can be used by others.
