.TH razor-power "1" "September 2012" "Razor\-qt\ 0.5.0" "Razor\-Qt\ Module"
.SH NAME
razor-power \- Module of Razor-qt: the faster and lighter QT Desktop Environment
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B razor-power
[\fINo command line arguments\fR]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This module handle power action over battery and hardware, especially for laptop users, 
it communicates with dbus for handle operation over LID and CPU control, operations 
are defined throught 
.br
the \fBrazor-config-autosuspend\fR application, and performed by
.br
the \fBrazor-power\fR application.
.P
The \fBRazor-qt modules\fR are desktop independent tools, that do not accept option parsing, 
and operate as daemons for the local user for desktop specific operations.
.P
Razor-qt is an advanced, easy-to-use, and fast desktop environment based on Qt
technologies. As new project, already contains the key DE components and can be used 
separately, not all of them need to be used at once:
.P
 * Panel
 * Desktop
 * Application launcher
 * Settings center
 * Sessions
 * Polkit handler
 * Display manager handler
 * Power manager and energy saver \fI(this)\fR
.P
These components perform similar actions to those available in other desktop
environments, and their name is self-descriptive.  They are usually not launched
by hand but automatically, when choosing a Razor\-Qt session in the Display
Manager.
.P
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/Razor-qt/Razor-qt/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Razor-qt it has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and
an intuitive interface.  Razor-qt is also intended for less powerful machines. See:

.\" any module must refers to session app, for more info on start it
.P
\fBrazor-session.1\fR  Razor-qt for manage Razor-qt complete environment
.P
\fBrazor-config-autosuspend.1\fR  Razor-qt application for config power/enegy save actions
.P
\fBrazor-power.1\fR  Razor-qt application for performing power management actions
.P
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was created by \fBPICCORO Lenz McKAY\fR \fI<mckaygerhard@gmail.com>\fR 
for \fBRazor-qt\fR project and VENENUX GNU/Linux but can be used by others.
