.TH razorqt-config-appearance "1" "September 2012" "Razor\-qt\ 0.5.0" "Razor\-qt\ GUI settings"
.SH NAME
razorqt-config-appearance \- Gui appearance application of \fBRazor-qt\fR: the faster and lighter QT Desktop Environment
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B razorqt-config-appearance
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
With this application you can setting and configuring qt/razor gui appearance of programs.
.P
The GUI applications in linux depends of their respective subsystem, in razor the overal aspect of 
many apps relies on QT4 framework gui. The \fBrazorqt-config-appearance\fR application its the configuration center
to provide all aspects of setting \fBRazor-qt\fR desktop in session settings related programs.
.P
All remaining mayor aspect for razorqt appearance relies over qt4 config application (\fBqtconfig\-qt4\fR), due 
the \fBRazor-qt\fR DE are based on Qt framework.
.P
\fBRazor-qt\fR is an advanced, easy-to-use, and fast desktop environment based on Qt
technologies, ships several core desktop components, all of which are optional:
.P
 * Panel
 * Desktop
 * Application launcher
 * Settings center \fI(related to this)\fR
 * Session handler
 * Polkit handler
 * SSH pasword manager
 * Display manager handler
 * Power manager
.P
These components perform similar actions to those available in other desktop
environments, and their name is self-descriptive.  They are usually not launched
by hand but automatically, when choosing a \fBRazor\-qt\fR session in the Display
Manager.
.P
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/Razor-qt/Razor-qt/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBRazor-qt\fR it has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and
an intuitive interface, also intended for less powerful machines. See also:
.\" any module must refers to session app, for more info on start it
.P
\fBrazor-session.1\fR  Razor-qt module for manage Razor-qt complete environment.
.P
\fBrazor-config.1\fR  Razor-qt application for general config and settings.
.P
\fBqtconfig-qt4.1\fR  Qt4 application for gui and appereance settings over all qt4 based software.
.P
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was created by \fBPICCORO Lenz McKAY\fR \fI<mckaygerhard@gmail.com>\fR
for \fBRazor-qt\fR project and VENENUX GNU/Linux but can be used by others.
