.TH razor-autosuspend "1" "September 2012" "Razor\-qt\ 0.5.0" "Razor\-qt\ Module"
.SH NAME
razorqt-autosuspend \- Energy and power manager Module of \fBRazor-qt\fR: the faster and lighter QT Desktop Environment
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B razor-autosuspend
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This module handle power action over battery and hardware, especially for laptop users, 
it communicates with dbus for handle operation over LID and CPU control.
.P
The \fBRazor-qt modules\fR are desktop independent tools, 
and operate as daemons for the local user in desktop specific operations.
.P
\fBRazor-qt\fR is an advanced, easy-to-use, and fast desktop environment based on Qt
technologies, ships several core desktop components, all of which are optional:
.P
 * Panel
 * Desktop
 * Application launcher
 * Settings center
 * Session handler
 * Polkit handler
 * SSH password access
 * Display manager handler
 * Power manager and energy saver \fI(related to this)\fR
.P
These components perform similar actions to those available in other desktop
environments, and their names are self-descriptive.  They are usually not launched
by hand but automatically, when choosing a \fBRazor\-qt\fR session in the Display
Manager.
.SH BEHAVIOR
It communicates with dbus for handle operation over LID and CPU control.
.P
Operations are defined throught the \fBrazor\-config\-autosuspend\fR application, 
and performed by the \fBrazor\-power\fR application.
.SH AUTOSTART
The module only are showed on \fBRazor-qt\fR desktop, but u can create an autostart action 
for you prefered desktop environment.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/Razor-qt/Razor-qt/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBRazor-qt\fR it has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and
an intuitive interface, also intended for less powerful machines. See also:
.\" any module must refers to session app, for more info on start it
.P
\fBrazor-session.1\fR  Razor-qt for manage Razor-qt complete environment
.P
\fBrazor-config-autosuspend.1\fR  Razor-qt application for config power/enegy save actions
.P
\fBrazor-power.1\fR  Razor-qt application for performing power management actions
.P
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was created by \fBPICCORO Lenz McKAY\fR \fI<mckaygerhard@gmail.com>\fR 
for \fBRazor-qt\fR project and VENENUX GNU/Linux but can be used by others.
