.TH razor-desktop "1" "September 2012" "Razor\-qt\ 0.5.0" "Razor\-qt\ Module"
.SH NAME
razorqt-desktop \- Desktop module management of \fBRazor-qt\fR: the faster and lighter QT Desktop Environment
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B razor-desktop
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This module manage the desktop behavior for \fBRazor-qt\fR desktop environment.
.P
The \fBRazor-qt modules\fR are desktop independent tools, 
and operate as daemons for the local user for desktop specific operations. 
.P
\fBRazor-qt\fR  ships several core desktop components, all of which are optional:
.P
 * Panel
 * Desktop \fI(this)\fR
 * Application launcher
 * Settings center
 * Session handler
 * Polkit handler
 * SSH password access
 * Display manager handler
.P
These components perform similar actions to those available in other desktop
environments, and their names are self-descriptive.  They are usually not launched
by hand but automatically, when choosing a \fBRazor\-qt\fR session in the Display
Manager.
.SH BEHAVIOR
The module manages desktop throught comunicaton to window manager application. Currelntly 
on changes, user must restart session by logout and login again to reflects correctly 
the changes.
.P
The \fBRazor-qt Desktop\fR  component are desktop independent, and works in two type of modes:
this modes of behavior are called \fBModes of desktops\fR. 
.P
.SH "DESKTOP MODES"
When settings opens, there its two main options:
.br
.P
 \fBNative\fR
In this mode all desktop manage relies on native window manager, all icons, wallpaper and behavior 
relies on how windowmanager (and depends of display manager) set and performing desktop actions. 
In this mode \fBrazor-desktop\fR can comunicate with some window managers and tells that display 
a specific wallpaper or display contents of desktop directory as desktop icons.
.P
 \fBRazor\fR
In this mode, all desktop are manage by \fBrazor-desktop\fR module component, this have a set 
of plugins for:
.P
 * manage icons (u can specify a directory that contains it),
 * rich text (can set your name to show in desktop or whatever text u dessire),
 * quick notepad info (for stiky notes)
 * set a wallpaper (from system provides or from your home directory)
.P
Then, so in this mode, each component/plugin configuration are manage by separate own 
plugin config dialog and you can set throught a right click desktop over the plugin 
region and select "configure plugin".
.SH CONFIGURATION
This module coniguration are manage throught the \fBrazor-config-desktop\fR application, please see 
the manual manpage for performing config settings.
.P
Module plugins cnfiguraton are manage by each module, you can set throught a right click desktop over the plugin 
region and select "configure plugin".
.SH AUTOSTART
The module only are showed on \fBRazor-qt\fR desktop, but you can create an autostart action 
for u prefered desktop environment.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/Razor-qt/Razor-qt/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBRazor-qt\fR it has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and
an intuitive interface, also intended for less powerful machines. See:
.\" any module must refers to session app, for more info on start it
.P
\fBrazor-session.1\fR  Razor-qt module for manage Razor-qt session handler
.P
\fBrazor-config-desktop.1\fR  Razor-qt Desktop settings application for manage desktop behavior.
.P
\fBrazor-config.1\fR  Razor-qt application for config and settings over environment.
.P
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was created by \fBPICCORO Lenz McKAY\fR \fI<mckaygerhard@gmail.com>\fR
for \fBRazor-qt\fR project and VENENUX GNU/Linux but can be used by others.
