.TH razor-panel "1" "September 2012" "Razor\-qt\ 0.5.0" "Razor\-qt\ Module"
.SH NAME
razor-panel \- Panel of \fBRazor-qt\fR: the faster and lighter QT Desktop Environment
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B razor-panel
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This module adds a panel to the desktop.
.P
.P
The \fBRazor-qt modules\fR are desktop independent tools, 
and operate as daemons for the local user for desktop specific operations. 
.P
\fBRazor-qt\fR is an advanced, easy-to-use, and fast desktop environment based on Qt
technologies, ships several core desktop components, all of which are optional:
.P
 * Panel \fI(this)\fR
 * Desktop
 * Application launcher
 * Settings center
 * Session handler
 * Polkit handler
 * SSH password access
 * Display manager handler
.P
These components perform similar actions to those available in other desktop
environments, and their name is self-descriptive.  They are usually not launched
by hand but automatically, when choosing a \fBRazor\-qt\fR session in the Display
Manager.
.SH BEHAVIOR
The module can be run standard alone, and also autostarted at logon. Show a bar panel 
by default in bottom of desktop.
.P
The panel works with plugins, each component are a plugin, like the menu or the volume icon.
.P
Several plugins are loaded by default, the desktop menu and windows workspaces can also managed here.
.SH CONFIGURATIONS
By right clickin over there show config setting options for each plugins and also panel itsefl.
.SH AUTOSTART
The module only are showed on \fBRazor-qt\fR desktop environment, but you can create an autostart action 
for you prefered desktop environment.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/Razor-qt/Razor-qt/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBRazor-qt\fR it has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and
an intuitive interface, also intended for less powerful machines. See:
.\" any module must refers to session app, for more info on start it
.P
\fBrazor-session.1\fR  Razor-qt for manage Razor-qt complete environment
.P
\fBstart-razor.1\fR  Razor-qt display management independient starup.
.P
\fBrazor-config.1\fR  Razor-qt config center application for performing settings
.P
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was created by \fBPICCORO Lenz McKAY\fR \fI<mckaygerhard@gmail.com>\fR
for \fBRazor-qt\fR project and VENENUX GNU/Linux but can be used by others.
